(How far have you gone in the jungle?)
(The end of the world)
(Patagonia)
In this cold weather,
we're going to more intense places.
(It's bitterly cold and windy, but I must keep going.)
(When will this road end?)
I felt hopeless.
(Screaming)
(For the past few days, I've only seen ice.)
What's that?
Be careful.
This doesn't feel real.
It was so cold that I couldn't move.
I think this is the worst place.
(I'm so cold that I can't move. This must be the worst place.)
Should I give up?
(My body is telling me to give up.)
(Can I endure until the end?)
Can I endure this?
It's raining so much.
It's so cold.
I was in sheer terror.
(Will my body withstand this? I'm very afraid.)
It wasn't a situation where somebody could lend a hand.
It was a fight within myself.
We came this far. We couldn't stop.
It was a war with the cold,
the rain,
and hypothermia.
(This survival is a war.)
A special project of The Law of Jungle in 2018.
A project to conquer the end of the earth.
("Pata" means feet and "Gon" means big.)
The land of giants with big feet.
The overwhelming magnificence.
It's where Mother Nature exhales deeply.
Patagonia is the dynamic land at the end of the world.
(The dynamic land of Patagonia)
It's a big project spanning 4,000km.
South, Central, and the North...
have their own extreme survival conditions.
They must conquer the land of Patagonia.
As soon as the sun goes down,
it turns into a devil.
I've never been this cold in my life.
I thought I was going to die. We were going to die.
There are no living things here.
There are water, ice, and rocks.
(They only have ice to eat.)
Everybody was hungry,
so I wanted to provide some help,
but it was cold for me too.
That's enough. Stop it.
- I'll get just two more. - Goodness.
I'm okay right now.
It's good.
(Falling)
(The icy cold rages on.)
It was like the windy Himalayas.
There's nothing here. We can't survive.
What are we supposed to catch? You call this a jungle?
(It's the land of death without a single tree.)
Is this Dubai?
What can we eat here?
We thought hard and thought about whatever we can.
- He caught it. - Really?
Come out, Chief.
I panicked in the cold water. It was scary.
It felt like I was getting sucked in.
We had to climb the Alpine region.
This was the most painful variety show I've been on.
(They head to the altitude of 5,000m.)
Be careful.
(Every step is full of pain.)
- Let's do this. - Shall we keep going? Let's go.
(It's the worst terrain and the weather.)
My gosh.
I'm in pain.
(They get altitude sickness in the heavy rain.)
- Go ahead. - We have to go down.
I can't collapse here. I can't stop.
(I can't collapse here. I can't stop.)
(We can't stop this reckless ordeal because we are there already.)
When I first started The Law of Jungle,
this was the country I wanted to go to.
It's the land of Chief Byung Man's dreams.
Will I ever get a chance to go there?
It's the farthest country from Korea.
If you pierce through Korea on a globe, Chile is on the other side.
(It's on the opposite side of the earth.)
It's the country with the world's attention in 2018.
It's amazing.
This is like a drama or a movie.
(It's paradise on earth with its reddish body of water.)
I was awed by the magnitude.
I don't think I can contain this in a picture.
- When will we get to see this? - When will we ever see this?
I know. We can't.
My gosh.
(Patagonia in Chile is the gift of Mother Nature.)
This is the gift of the jungle.
It's the land of dreamers, full of inspirations.
Look at the stars.
- Look. - My gosh.
The stars were so pretty.
(It's the world where reality and fantasy meet.)
(There are inspirations everywhere they look.)
I didn't know Chile...
was like this.
It was beautiful and fantastic.
(This was where "Gulliver's Travels" was born.)
- Right in front of us. - What is that?
- Right there. - Isn't that it?
- There. - I see it.
- It's the whale. - You're right.
- Right? - I see it.
You're right. I see it.
It looks like the Nazca Lines of the Inca Empire.
(They come across the Nazca Lines of the Inca Empire.)
It was wonderful.
(In novels and movies, it was the symbol of fantasy and fear.)
(They get to see the legendary whale, Moby Dick,)
(in front of their eyes.)
It's the whale. It's right in front of us.
It's the whale.
Look.
(Your imaginations will become a reality.)
- It's huge. - I couldn't see it.
They must be nearby.
Look.
- It's a dolphin. - Are you sure?
It's not a dolphin.
"Is this for real?" That's what I was thinking.
These moments are like miracles.
They're cute.
They're so cute.
- He's waiting. - Good job.
- We got to see penguins too. - Right?
- Dolphins too. - My gosh.
We saw seals too.
Come closer.
(You can't express these overwhelming moments in words.)
The jungle is a nice present.
(Face the delightful moments.)
It's hard to explain.
(It's fierce and intense.)
I couldn't stop. I had tears drop from both of my eyes.
The passionate survival of 13 members of Byung Man's Tribe...
in Patagonia, Chile, the end of the world.
(The Law of Jungle in 2018, a project to conquer the world)
The Law of Jungle in Patagonia.
- We did it! - We did it!
Thank you, Patagonia.
Let me introduce the 35th Byung Man's Tribe.
- The Law of Jungle in... - Patagonia.
Let's get...
- Started now - Started now
(Get up, Byung Man.)
Hello, viewers of The Law of Jungle.
Nice to meet you. It's Hong Jin Young.
(The popular star is here to take over the jungle.)
(She's the queen of festivals.)
(She's like gold in festivals and TV shows.)
I heard you've been on all shows except for the news.
That's right. You're right.
Except for the news and The Law of Jungle.
Before I appear on shows,
I have a general idea of how it'll go,
but I have no idea for this one.
(She doesn't need to have any ideas.)
(She has already got a hang of it.)
(As soon as she arrives...)
(Where are the rabbits?)
(She's getting started again.)
(You, rabbits)
(She celebrates cheerfully.)
(They haven't started yet.)
(Do we need to do a drug screen on her?)
(When she gets too excited, she makes other people tired.)
(The Chief needs some stage lighting.)
(Jin Young has the Chief manual to control him.)
I think she dragged me around.
The Chief is so friendly
I'm not dancing right now.
She's just singing,
and my body is moving along.
(She's like a remote control that even makes Byung Man dance.)
Chief, we want some trout.
- Don't go in. - Then what?
- You're not going in? - I'll go in.
Don't go in.
Her eyes are scary.
She's not letting me decide.
Are you bored? No, right?
Byung Man.
- Byung Man. - Byung Man.
Shut it, punk.
(Leave me alone, punk.)
That was Jin Young in Chile.
(Who is this innocent girl that's unlike Jin Young?)
Hello, I'm Chae Yeon of DIA.
(She's here to melt the jungle.)
(She was the angel in an idol survival show,)
(and she's everybody's first love now.)
(With her beautiful face, she has also shot many commercials.)
I try not to look too innocent.
(She's trying to look less innocent.)
(She transforms 360 degrees.)
(You've changed a bit.)
(She works hard.)
I have the most energy and strength out of the members.
(She works energetically.)
(She looks even more beautiful.)
Chae Yeon is a doll.
She's like the Anne of Green Gables.
Chae Yeon was next to me.
(She's the idol of idols.)
What was I supposed to do? She was so pretty.
When you look at her,
she's so light-skinned and cute,
but she also gives us good energy.
Are they doing this to take their shirts off?
Why are you doing push-ups?
You came. Go away.
(It's hard being beautiful.)
- It's a bee. Don't move. - My gosh.
Don't move, Chae Yeon.
(She can't keep a straight face in emergencies.)
- I'm really scared. - I'll hit it.
(Please look forward to Chae Yeon, the muse of the jungle.)
(The two jungle veterans are back.)
Hello, it's Kim Seung Soo. Nice to meet you.
(He's back after the Indian Ocean special 4 years ago.)
(Last time in the jungle,)
(he was cute,)
(but also bold.)
(But now,)
(he wants to cut an animal's head and drain its blood.)
(He's decapitating a turkey.)
(He's scary.)
(He comes back as a survival master.)
I've experienced it before,
so I think I can save myself.
You have many new nicknames.
(Laughing)
(He's embarrassed and hesitant.)
I'm grateful. People say I resemble Leonardo DiCaprio,
so they call me Leonardo Seung Soo.
The flower looks great on you.
(He's a middle-aged man who looks great with a flower.)
It's really cold, right? You're so brave.
(He's a warm-hearted person who takes good care of the members.)
(This guy runs into the icy water.)
(It's Little Byung Man, Kim Dong Jun.)
(He transformed into a strong actor.)
(Will he survive strongly as well?)
I have to be better than three years ago.
I want the viewers to remember...
that I'm the little Byung Man.
(He was the strongest idol member in the jungle.)
(He swam comfortably in the sea of Borneo.)
(4 years ago, he earned himself the title of Little Byung Man.)
(Chief Byung Man approved his skills.)
(It's a rabbit.)
(He's here to conquer the land.)
(If a prey appears,)
(he starts running like an energizer.)
(It's a turkey this time.)
(Run again.)
(He never runs out of energy.)
(He's the jungle fighter with the best physique.)
(These two men turn the scenery into a photoshoot.)
It's a great picture.
(Who is this other handsome man?)
(He looks great.)
I'm JR of NU'EST W.
Hello.
Since my début,
I wanted to be on The Law of Jungle,
and it became a reality now.
(The icon of reversal makes it to the jungle.)
(With the background, it looks like a work of art.)
I was wondering what it tasted like.
(He takes a bite of the glacier.)
- It tastes spicy. - What?
I'm not sure.
(He's weird.)
I like to play games,
and I like animations.
In "Pokemon" or "Digimon Adventure",
Wartortle is the hidden character.
I like things like that.
It feels like I'm inside a game.
(JR has joined the jungle hunting.)
(He drinks the strawberry potion before hunting.)
(JR's level went up.)
(He's in combat with a prey.)
(It's a fierce combat.)
(I stepped on poop.)
(JR's level went down.)
You, rabbits.
(And finally,)
(the queen is in the jungle.)
Chief, I'm here.
What are we going to eat?
(Kim Sung Ryoung is every woman's ideal image of beauty.)
- Excuse me. - An actress' face is burning.
Oh, dear. An actress' face is getting tanned.
This is great.
Is this good? Great.
- This is it. - Let me know if the sun moves.
This is it.
- If the sun moves? - Jae Yun.
Okay, I'll run back.
(I'll run if the queen calls me.)
(She roasts corn elegantly.)
(Is she all red?)
(She has no idea and acts elegantly.)
(Buy some nicely roasted corns.)
(She adapts to the jungle in half a day.)
(We have garlic too.)
(It's a time of tribulation for the queen.)
Gosh. It's so bitter.
(I picked that fruit.)
(She's busy hunting and collecting food.)
(She gets sprayed by water.)
(At night, she saws as well.)
(She's losing her smile.)
(She has to entertain the younger members, and she's exhausted.)
(She ultimately collapses on the ground.)
Can I have some boiled eggs and a sweet rice drink?
(Please help me.)
I shouldn't look like this on TV.
(She shows her true self in the jungle.)
I think it's great up to here.
This is it for me in the jungle.
(The Law of Jungle in Patagonia)
I bought an axe last minute.
You have to bring all the hunting tools.
I'm trusting you to get us food.
- You trust me? - Yes.
You're pretty reliable. I saw you last time.
You're reliable.
Well...
- Hello. - Hello.
- Hello. - Hello. Nice to meet you.
- Dong Jun, how have you been? - Hi, Jin Young.
You dyed your hair.
I did. Hello.
- Nice to meet you. - Hello.
(She treats them differently.)
Goodness.
I heard the jungle is like spicy chicken feet.
When you eat it, it's so spicy. You don't want to eat it again,
but later, you think about it.
I heard it's like spicy chicken feet.
- That sounds about right. - I agree.
(The experienced ones approve.)
Somebody is coming.
Chae Yeon.
- Chae Yeon. - Take care.
(She's flood by flashes.)
(Who is getting so much attention?)
Chae Yeon.
- Chae Yeon. - Chae Yeon.
(JR is getting all the attention inside.)
- Hello. - Hi.
(They're on fire.)
You're so pretty.
High five?
High five.
Excuse us.
There's a popular app.
Right. I'll use it.
You're going to miss me a lot on the plane.
Please watch this and cry.
I hope everybody likes you in the jungle. I love you.
See you later.
Let's go, jungle.
- Chae Yeon's The Law of Jungle. - Let's go.
- Take care. - Good luck.
See you later. Bye.
Good luck.
(The dazzling idol members joins in.)
Hello.
- Hello. - Hello.
(There's a big crowd.)
Hello.
Is it your first time seeing these members?
- Yes. - How do you feel right now?
Are you reassured?
I don't know...
Everybody is not here yet.
You're looking forward to people who are not here yet.
- It's not us. - It's Byung Man and Kang Nam.
You're waiting for Kang Nam.
(She'll feel reassured once the Chief and Kang Nam are here.)
Nice to meet you.
(Turning)
- Hello. - Chief.
If you're going to Chile, gather around me.
- Chile. - Chile.
- Is this a tour package? - Yes.
I see.
I haven't seen such a small flag.
It was awkward for me too.
I thought about how to show up...
since last night.
Really?
Kang Nam started...
getting sick a few days ago.
Unfortunately, he can't join us.
Really?
(What happened to Kang Nam?)
He's not going?
(He has the flu, so he can't come.)
- Is this the whole team? - Is it?
It's better than getting sick while he's there.
Health is of utmost importance.
We'll be on our way.
You'll take over Kang Nam's roles.
I'll try my best.
Before we go in, I have snacks for everybody.
(She takes something out.)
(She prepared something for Byung Man's Tribe.)
- Hold on. What's this? - Thank you.
This is...
- Can we drink it now? - It's really good.
- Yes. - I drink this too.
It's like a snack.
I put this in my bag...
- and drink it while I'm outside. - Instead of eating food?
- Yes. - This is filling.
I didn't eat anything.
This is filling.
This is a lot.
I should get some.
This is good.
It's time to travel to the other side of the world.
Let's do a cheer for The Law of Jungle in Patagonia...
- before we leave. - Okay.
The Law of Jungle in Patagonia.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
(How will they survive and conquer the end of the world?)
I'm excited.
(They have a long flight ahead.)
I'm nervous.
(They're returning to the jungle after a long time.)
(The rookies are excited as well.)
(Farewell, Korea.)
From Seoul to Patagonia, Chile,
the distance is 20,841km.
It takes over 40 hours on land, sea, and air.
The road to the farthest destination ever on the show...
has finally begun.
(How they spend time on board)
(They read books or watch cartoons instead of using their phones.)
(Some play classic games.)
- I pick 9. - 9? That's too bad.
- Never mind. - This is not good.
(Some people catch up on sleep.)
(Still, time crawls while they're on board.)
(Jin Young is busy while everybody's asleep.)
(What are you doing?)
Elevate. Elevate my face.
Take the swelling away.
(She's doing it to take the swelling away.)
It's so interesting.
- You find it interesting? - Yes.
(It's Jin Young's on-board beauty shop.)
- Isn't it good? - I love stuff like this.
Really? It slims your face.
It adds elasticity and takes the swelling away.
(He was watching and got drawn into it.)
Let's see. Look at me.
- His face got slim. Look. - Already?
(They're not bored because they're together.)
(It's snowy in Toronto International Airport.)
It's snowy.
We're in Canada.
Isn't that halfway?
We are halfway.
In 7 hours, we have to get on a flight for 12 hours.
That means we have 19 hours left, right?
We have to...
go for 19 more hours...
and wait.
It's been 22 hours since we started filming.
(The camera was on for a full day.)
It's been 22 hours since we started.
I think that's enough for a week's worth of episode.
Hello.
(Who is that?)
(Who are they...)
(so glad to meet?)
(He shows himself.)
(He looks handsome just from the silhouette.)
- It's Min Hyuk. - Hello.
(Monsta X is gaining popularity with "Dramarama".)
(Min Hyuk is the group's vocalist and a handsome member.)
(He is also great at being an MC.)
It's Monsta X. Congratulations.
(They recently got 1st place in a music show.)
(I got an emergency call from The Law of Jungle?)
Congratulations.
I didn't know somebody would show up like this.
He was given a very short notice.
- Really? - Thanks for coming.
How did you come so suddenly?
I was sleeping at home.
I got a call, and they said I have to leave for the jungle,
so I just said yes.
I thought I had a few days.
I just said yes.
I asked when it was and they said it was now.
I said "What?" and then I got up...
and took a taxi.
Do you know where we are going?
I heard it was somewhere cold, so I wore a jacket.
Somewhere cold? "Are we going somewhere cold?"
Kang Nam is sick, so I was getting worried,
but I feel energized again.
- Welcome, Min Hyuk. - Thank you.
(We welcome you very much, Min Hyuk.)
(Please do Kang Nam's share.)
Are we leaving?
(They get on a plane to Santiago.)
(However,)
(the passengers come back out.)
(Byung Man's Tribe comes back out looking tired.)
Sorry.
There are so many fire trucks here.
- What's wrong? - It must be an emergency.
(The firemen move about busily.)
(They're dejected.)
We might take the longest...
to arrive at our destination.
(What's happening at Toronto International Airport?)
In January, extreme cold hit North America.
The runway in Toronto airport froze,
so over 500 flights were...
either cancelled or delayed.
The airport is in chaos with passengers who are waiting indefinitely.
It's a mission itself to get to our destination.
Gosh.
(They have to wait 5 more hours to board the flight.)
I got impatient,
nervous, and felt more fatigue.
I got worried. We don't know when the ice is going to melt.
I thought we might not make it to the jungle.
(What if we can't get to the jungle?)
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't worried.
From the seven years of experience I had,
this is just a small hurdle.
I was hoping for a good result.
(The Chief waited and prayed inside.)
I had to believe it.
(The runway is back in function 7 hours later.)
(Byung Man's Tribe finally gets on.)
(They get ready to take off.)
(After a long wait,)
(the plane takes off.)
After some problems, they arrive in Santiago...
and head south to their final destination.
We left Seoul and we've been in the air the whole time.
I've never been on so many airplanes in my life.
It's a long road that takes 40 hours to arrive at their destination.
It's the longest journey ever to be travelled on the show.
Byung Man's Tribe is headed to...
Patagonia, Chile which is in South America.
It's 20,841km from Seoul.
Chile is the farthest country from Korea...
and the longest country in the world.
Patagonia originated from the Patagones,
and it means "big feet".
The explorer Ferdinand Magellan discovered the land in 16th century,
and saw the big footprints...
that were left by the natives and called it "The Land of Big Feet".
The 35th Byung Man's Tribe has a big task to complete.
A project to conquer the end of the earth.
Traverse Patagonia of Chile.
(Traverse Patagonia of Chile.)
(Welcome to Chile.)
I had a picture in mind.
- How many people can get on? Four? - You can come in.
We're getting started right away.
We're getting started.
(They divide into 3 cars and move south.)
- Cameraman. - Yes?
You can take a break.
(They're all tired, so they look after each other.)
- Okay. - Take a break.
Okay.
Doesn't it feel like we got away from the society?
I didn't want to get away from it.
Good bye
(They try to feel less tired by singing.)
(Meanwhile,)
(they're only thinking about the survival.)
(They're too serious.)
People on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd car.
(Jin Young speaks into the walkie-talkie.)
On the way,
I saw cows...
on the empty plain.
It feels like we're on a field trip.
Let's sing together.
1 is 1, not 2
- Speak into it. - 5, 6, 7, 8.
2 is 2, not 3
- Good job. - Let's test...
how long Jin Young's energy will lasts.
I'll test you.
Help me, Byung Man. I'm next to her.
(They are entertained by Jin Young.)
Let's follow the sound
- Of the echo of the water - Of the echo of the water
- Let's go on a trip - Let's go on a trip
(They keep driving.)
Look. Why is that purple?
I don't know.
- It's so distinct. - It's a rainbow.
(They're awed by the sights they've never seen before.)
(A rainbow?)
I can see it clearly.
(A rainbow appears.)
Isn't that a rainbow?
We looked out the window,
and there were so many countries.
We were in Chile,
but it felt like we were in the Alps.
Chile is a beautiful country.
I know.
(The primitive nature turns them into boys.)
It's like a painting.
(They enjoy the painting by the nature.)
The end of the earth sure is different.
It's mysterious.
It's like a painting.
It rains like a painting.
(It rains like a watercolour painting.)
It's raining.
(The rain thickens.)
If it rains a lot at our survival zone,
it will be hard.
I hope the rain stops.
I think it rains multiple times a day in this area.
(The weather worsens as they reach their destination.)
It's not necessarily a terrible weather.
- The weather is... - It's raining.
The temperature is lower than I expected.
- That's right. - It's really windy.
I have felt this kind of weather...
on my fourth trip of the show.
The weather was exactly like this in Siberia.
Six years ago, Chief Byung Man had to fight against the cold.
Surviving in the cold was difficult.
We first need to find a shelter...
we can sleep for a night.
- Shall we go? - Let's get going.
Let's go.
- All right. - Let's go.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Shouldn't we look for dry leaves?
- We can collect them as we go. - We need kindling.
This will catch on fire easily.
We need dry wood. This is great.
This is a pine tree.
This is great.
- There are a lot of those branches. - There are a lot further inside.
This is...
(With his experiences, Seung Soo leads the team gently.)
This is dry.
It will catch on fire.
(Jin Young joins in.)
It's so cold right now.
(The cold stimulates her survival instinct.)
(Looking around)
(What did Chae Yeon find?)
There is a lot.
All right.
- This is incredible. - I know.
This is the giving tree.
(Fuzz like an old man's beard covers the tree trunk.)
- This is incredible. - This is great.
You have good eyes.
This is great.
(Florida beard lichen is an epiphyte that is similar to moss.)
I got this much.
We were lucky.
(Its flammability makes it useful for building a fire.)
It looks like green onion roots.
(Let's build a fire.)
We need to find a place to sleep.
- This is it, right? - Yes.
Hold on. I don't think we should leave the forest.
My goodness. Hold on.
Go out there.
(The wind is strong outside of the forest.)
- My goodness. - Hold on.
- I think... - This is...
My goodness.
Dong Jun, here is what I think.
Look over there.
The wind is blowing in this direction.
I think it will be cosy there.
- Shall we go? - Let's go.
I could be wrong. Let me say that in advance.
- It's cold. - It's so cold.
(Wide and flat land stretches out beneath the snow-capped mountain.)
You are at...
Patagonia.
- Patagonia. - Patagonia.
I never thought I would sleep at Patagonia.
This isn't your place of survival.
What do you see behind you?
(Behind them...)
(is a snow-capped mountain.)
- A snow-capped mountain. - A snow-capped mountain.
No way.
(They become anxious and apprehensive.)
Beyond the snow-capped mountain is your place of survival.
We need to cross the mountain?
(Do they need to cross the snow-capped mountain?)
- Do we need to cross it? - Are you serious?
This is the project to conquer the end of the earth.
Their first journey starts at Patagonia in the south of Chile.
(Patagonia in the south of Chile)
This is the last stop before the South Pole.
It's called the end of the earth.
The lowest temperature is minus 20°C.
The cold glacial water that comes from the snow-capped mountain...
gives Chief Byung Man an environment he has never experienced.
(Chief Byung Man hasn't experienced this kind of water temperature.)
If your body temperature drops by 4°C,
you are at risk of hypothermia.
In the land of rainstorms,
they must brave the biting wind...
and the deadly cold.
It's cold.
The indigenous people of Patagonia...
used leather and fur of animals to survive in the cold.
To survive in the extreme cold,
they need to come up with the means to fight the cold.
Will Byung Man's Tribe be able to win against the cold?
I didn't think the conditions would be this poor.
Will we be able to sleep here?
We need to decide on a place to sleep.
We could really die in the cold.
Inside the forest...
is wet.
- Inside the forest? - Yes, the ground is wet.
Thus...
(Chief Byung Man thinks harder than ever.)
(Give us an order.)
Let's take care of what we need the most.
Let's drag logs here for firewood.
(Jin Young charges her battery.)
We need as many thick logs as we can find.
(She acts within a second.)
(What was that?)
(Jin Young marches forward.)
(This is Jin Young's power.)
(She is ready to jump into the water.)
Don't get those logs.
We need the ones in the forest.
There is firewood.
(In that case)
(Jin Young marches in the opposite direction.)
(She is powerful.)
Did you see that?
(She pants...)
(and runs towards the target.)
(Heave-ho)
Do we need dry wood?
- What? - What kind of firewood do we need?
They need these branches.
Okay.
All right.
- Which one? - The one in the middle.
- Which one? - I will give it another go.
(Jin Young's touchdown)
- All right. - That one?
(Jin Young is about to explode.)
Don't do that.
Hold on. Let's pull it together.
Let's put our hands over here.
(They work as one.)
In 1, 2, 3.
- In 1, 2, 3. - In 1, 2, 3.
We did it.
- Let's go. - Let's take these branches too.
(They take the smaller branches.)
I feel less cold now that my body is heated up.
It's better.
- Let's gather firewood... - Yes.
and take it over there.
(The logs are pretty big.)
- This is heavy. - Will you be able to lift it up?
Let's lift it up together.
- Let's lift it up together. - Let's go.
(Seung Soo joins them in an instant.)
- Let's lift it up together. - Which way are you going?
Go in front of me.
- In 1, 2, 3. - In 1, 2, 3.
(Under Chief Byung Man's command,)
(they move as one.)
- Dong Jun, take the lead. - Okay.
That branch is coming along.
(It's a bonus.)
Dong Jun, take the lead.
(Dong Jun takes the lead.)
(He is forced to take the lead.)
We won't be able to burn the log by tomorrow.
(Screaming)
- It's heavy. - It's so heavy.
- It's going down. - Put it down.
- In 1, 2, 3. - In 1, 2, 3.
- Gosh, it's so cold. - Where should I put firewood?
- Put it here. - Here?
Let's go.
(One hour passes since their arrival)
(The temperature goes down and the wind grows stronger.)
(They need to build a fire soon.)
Who has the kindling?
Chae Yeon had it in her pocket.
- Here it is. - Really?
Now...
We need to build a fire.
- Now... - There is a lot.
Let's put it here.
(Chae Yeon put her back into collecting...)
(the epiphyte the indigenous people used as a kindling.)
Let's dig a hole to keep the wind out.
Will it keep the wind out?
(Dig a hole to keep the fire safe from the wind.)
Here.
It will keep the wind out.
I will cut it.
It needs to be cut.
(He uses the fire steel to make flint dust.)
JR, you need to blow on it.
Bring these leaves closer.
That's right.
(Chae Yeon follows Dong Jun's lead and works her knife.)
That's good.
(It looks like they are close.)
(They continue to see the spark.)
It's not working.
Be careful.
(There is enough spark.)
It's too windy.
(Discouraged)
(The strong wind of Patagonia snuffs out the flame.)
All right.
(They try harder.)
A little bit more.
(The spark is stronger.)
Come on.
(She does it recklessly.)
I see the smoke.
There is a spark, but it won't transfer.
I think it's a bit wet.
Touch it.
I touched it with bare hands. I think it's a bit wet.
I will find something that's not wet.
(They decide to get more items.)
My goodness.
It's wet.
Seriously.
(They need to build a fire before the sun sets.)
(He divides the tasks among the Tribe members.)
(He doesn't jump into building the house.)
The wind was blowing and reducing our body heat.
It was so cold. I had a lot of thoughts.
"Which material should I use? Where should I build the house?"
I was nervous.
I won't build a wall with the wood to stop the wind.
I learned this during a survival training.
When the temperature dropped below 0°C,
I made a circle with this.
I stuck branches on the ground...
- to make a circle with this. - This one?
Then I built a fire in the middle.
The vinyl reflects the heat.
It keeps your back warm.
Yes.
It would be the best...
- to do that. - That would be easier.
When I received the survival training,
the instructor taught me this method.
That's how I slept in the freezing temperature.
(He had tried the method.)
If we put foil in a circle...
and build a fire,
our backs will be heated up...
from the reflected light.
(He gets to work.)
Take this wood.
Will this be a pillar?
- It will be a pillar. - A pillar.
If you hand it over to me, I will drag it away.
Be careful.
(Chief Byung Man cuts.)
(Seung Soo tosses.)
Be careful.
(Jin Young carries.)
Move out of the way. I will throw it.
(Express shipping)
(Running over)
(Jin Young speeds up as well.)
(Jin Young delivers the wood very fast.)
(She puts her muscles into it.)
Jin Young.
(She is speedy.)
Take the next one.
Are we done? We are done.
Let's build it over here.
- It will be easier. - Over there?
Yes. Let's build it over here.
(They build the house where the wood is.)
All right.
Don't we need to dig a hole to drive in the log?
That's right.
Let's keep it simple.
(Don't worry.)
Why don't we make a chum?
A chum. Hold on.
- What's a chum? - It's...
It's a tent you see in Siberia.
- It's made with reindeer hides. - That's the shape we want.
Yes.
(A temporary dwelling that represents the tundra)
(Chum is made by wrapping reindeer hides...)
(around wooden poles that are organized in a circle.)
(Can you make it in Patagonia?)
Shall I trim it?
Yes. Please trim it.
Let's trim the smaller branches.
That's the way.
We needed a structure with a roof...
that will block the wind.
Making a dome-shaped house would have taken too long.
That's why I decided to build it like a chum in tundra.
It's faster.
That's good. You are almost there.
You are doing well.
(Grunting)
You did it.
(Jin Young has the power.)
- All right. - Hold on.
Let's take turns. I will go next.
Hold it.
It feels hot now.
- Doesn't it feel hot? - It does, right?
- It feels hot when you work. - Yes.
Shall we keep on working without building the house?
(Isn't it a good idea?)
I think it will be a good idea.
(It's the most short-sighted way to fight the cold.)
(He ties the branches with a rope.)
Now,
we will lift them up.
Then we will spread the branches.
That's right.
(They lift up the branches.)
Spread them.
(My goodness.)
These are like octopus legs.
(The wooden posts stand upright very easily.)
Now, put these branches between them.
Can I simply lay it on the top?
Yes. Lay it on the top for now.
(They add more columns.)
We will wrap them with foil and leaves.
In the open space,
we needed to build a house...
that will block out the wind and rain.
Chief Byung Man gave the perfect idea.
(It's the best idea.)
(Amazing)
- Like this... - It's a house.
Hold on.
(Chae Yeon joins them with foil in her hands.)
(The structure is complete.)
A little bit more. There you go.
(It's time to wrap the columns with foil.)
This is...
(The wind is strong.)
Press it down here.
(Strong wind hinders the speedy construction process.)
It's so windy.
It's stronger.
(The wind becomes stronger.)
Put it against the column.
(We really need a place to avoid the winds)
(They need to hurry up before their physical strength and body temperature drops)
(Will they be able to finish it before it gets dark?)
[VIU Ver] E302 The Law of Jungle
"The Law of Jungle in Patagonia"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
(They began to work on wrapping the house.)
It's so windy.
(The biting wind blows from the snow-capped mountain.)
We need to work fast.
(The wind and cold make them work in a hurry.)
Put it against the column.
(They are halfway done.)
(Is the house effective?)
There is less wind.
It's nice.
- How is it? - It's warm.
(Byung Man's house blocks out the wind properly.)
Cover it densely.
Byung Man's Tribe experienced how effective the foil is...
in warming up the house and keeping the wind out.
So that the wall doesn't move,
they cover the bottom with dirt.
Once they make the roof and build a fire,
a house that can withstand the cold wave will be completed.
(Dong Jun and JR are fighting against the fire.)
Here.
It's impossible to start the fire.
That's right.
(It will be hard to build a fire that way.)
Hold on. Let's...
No.
(Seung Soo joins them.)
Do it like this.
Did you grind it?
You need to grind it some more.
(Seung Soo's know-how lies in a lot of flint dust.)
Shall we make a lot?
We need a lot.
If you strike it hard, it catches on fire.
(They are absorbed.)
Like this.
(He feels reassured to have him.)
(Spark)
(The veteran's spark is on a different level.)
(It looks different.)
(He strikes with more force.)
It caught on fire.
(Did it catch on fire?)
(Please)
(The flame burns bright...)
(and dies.)
(For goodness sake.)
This is...
(His dignity dies with the flame.)
For goodness sake.
- You are bleeding. - It's okay.
- It's okay. - You might've worked too hard.
Is there a tissue?
I just need a Band-Aid.
The last time I was on the show, I succeeded after four tries.
You did it right away.
All right.
It looks like it will work.
For goodness sake.
It's like "The Fast and the Furious".
I really want this to work.
We worked on it for two hours.
We didn't do anything else for two hours.
We worry if we would be able to survive well.
(JR is motionless.)
Look at this.
The fire steel is almost gone.
My goodness.
(The fire steel became slim.)
We can't keep a flame going.
(Will the trio be able to build a fire?)
The kindling is wet.
(How is the house building going?)
Unfold it.
Open it up. Yes.
One second. Hey, we only need a few.
(Wide leaves are perfect to cover the roof.)
Is this edible?
The bottom.
- Bottom? - Yes.
(They cut this tree like a taro leaf.)
(Gunnera Tinctoria leaves are edible,)
(and it's full of fibre and moisture.)
(Moisture?)
(He takes a bite.)
(It tastes weird.)
How is it?
- It's better than I expected. - Really?
(Chief Byung Man tries it.)
(It looks like he's peeling sugar cane.)
Moisture taste.
(What does it taste like?)
It's not bad. It tastes like fruit.
It's sour and sweet.
It tastes like a sour fruit.
I feel like I'm getting hydrated.
I wanted to try it.
Picking food from the ground.
(It can cover the roof and provide hydration.)
(It's raining again.)
It's raining more.
No.
(The weather in Patagonia is fickle.)
It rained.
All the firewood was wet. We couldn't light the fire.
(Neither the house nor the fire is ready yet.)
It was very cold. I was hungry.
It was raining. I was wet.
The rain started pouring down.
When I saw how strong the wind was,
I thought we might not be able to...
light the fire.
Hey. Should we cover it one more time since it's raining?
- Yes. - Remove this.
First, move this.
I didn't expect it to be so bad.
- I didn't expected the rain. - Spread it.
This time, it was a battle with hypothermia,
cold, and rain.
(It's hard to repair the house due to strong wind.)
Here. Here.
(It's hard to survive without the house.)
Here. Grab it.
Here.
(Slowly one by one)
Hold it.
(The roof is almost completed.)
- It's raining too much. - What is this?
(They're still struggling to light the fire.)
(Then Dong Jun takes a place bag out from his bag.)
Yes. That one.
How about we do it inside this?
Sure. Try it inside.
(Dong Jun plans the best way to block the rain...)
(and performs it right away.)
A bit more.
What's wrong with you?
(Endurance)
- Goodness. - Too late.
(Seung Soo)
(Dong Jun)
(People who experienced the jungle keeps failing.)
(The fire is not burning, but their hearts are.)
- When that part dries, it burns. - Yes.
The wet part dries.
It burns a little then goes off.
Should I try it?
You must be exhausted.
(JR takes the baton.)
We should...
(Lighting)
(Even the camera crew is exhausted from the long wait.)
(Then JR lighted the fire.)
(The fire becomes stronger with Seung Soo's breath.)
Good. Good.
(It's ignited.)
We did it.
Not yet. Not yet.
(Always pay attention.)
(They make a stable fire with small firewood.)
We did it. The fire is on.
- Did you do it? - We did it.
(Well done.)
- How long did it take? - JR did it.
- What? - JR did it.
- Do you get how annoying it is? - What?
I didn't know...
how hard it is to light a fire in the rain.
I thought it'd be easy...
when I saw it on TV.
But it was different in reality.
Your effort is the most important.
If you keep telling yourself you can do it,
it will work at one moment.
Steadiness?
(JR's encyclopedia on how to build a fire: The secret is to be steady.)
It's a triumph for man.
It's warm. It's nice.
With their perseverance,
they finally succeeded in igniting the fire.
A house that will keep them warm, and a warm fire.
It'll be perfect with food.
(They went out to search for food.)
- Watch out for the thorns. - Thorns.
- We must find food. - Right.
They're all working so hard.
Be careful.
(Will they find any food here?)
There has to be something to eat.
(There must be something.)
(There were a lot of berries when I saw it on TV.)
(Come out, food.)
I can't find anything.
There's nothing.
Let's check out the river.
- There must be food near the river. - Yes.
(So they turn to the river.)
(While searching...)
Watch out for the thorns. It stings.
Become a thorn
(She lights up the mood with a thorn.)
(Dong Jun sings along.)
(Everyone's getting addicted by Jin Young's happy virus.)
Go home
Let's please go
(Are you excited, Dong Jun?)
When everyone is so down,
I wish people around me...
stay cheerful.
I don't get depressed naturally.
Jungle. Jungle.
(Come to me, jungle.)
Goodness.
(Since Jin Young lights up the mood,)
(Dong Jun is excited again.)
For how long can you stay cheerful?
For how long are you going to make my shoulders dance
(Two people are searching in excitement.)
(Carefully)
What is that?
(They finally found it.)
- There's something here. - It looks like blueberry.
I know, right?
(Blueberry?)
It's a berry.
I'm hungry.
I wish it tastes like blueberry.
It looks sweet.
- Should we try it? - I ignited the fire.
- What? - I ignited the fire.
- Really? How? - Really?
Come here.
- Hey, JR. - Yes?
- Over here. - Let's bring this.
- What is that? - I'm not sure. Let's pick it first.
Let's ask them if it's edible.
- Look. - There's one here too.
Right. Let's pick it first.
I wish it's edible.
Should I try it?
(You'll know when you eat it.)
Are you going to eat it?
(She tries it.)
(What does calafate taste like?)
(How is it?)
(He wishes it to be sweet.)
(It's hard to read her face.)
It's like eating a lemon seed.
It tastes like eating a lemon seed. I think we can eat it.
- Really? - Yes. Pick them.
(He starts picking them after what Jin Young said.)
It stings.
I'm hungry. They're up there too.
- Is there? - Yes.
The foot of the candle is dark. There are some down here.
- I got it. - I want every one of them.
(35th Byung Man's Tribe's first food in Chile is calafate.)
Do we have enough? Let's collect it.
- We've picked a lot. - Yes.
- Let's go now. - Okay.
I think each person can have like 10.
(They've been picking them hard, but that's all they have.)
I don't think this is enough.
(This will never be enough.)
Each person needs like 120 of this.
Last time I was here,
there was a fruit called rambutan.
Rambutan?
- Yes. It's sweet and sour. - Okay.
We had that.
(They had so much that they were busy picking fruit.)
We had a lot of fish too.
(The wild versus the extreme)
I wish this was the size of geobong.
I wish it pops like popcorn...
- and expands, right? - Yes.
I think this is the best we can eat today.
At least, we have food, right?
- Yes. - It's awesome.
- It's like blueberries. - Byung Man. We picked berries.
Is this edible?
- Did you pick them from the ground? - No. From a tree.
- From a tree? - Didn't we eat this before?
- It's sour and sweet. - It's sour.
(They rush to eat after the Chief.)
(It's not bad.)
Do I have to spit it out?
Can I eat the whole thing?
- Yes. - I see.
- It's sour and sweet. - It's sour.
It's still good.
(Wild berry, calafate is healthy and sweet.)
I don't get full with it,
but I taste something.
I'm sure we won't stop eating it when we become hungry...
tomorrow or the day after.
(During the survival,)
(they keep eating.)
(Into the deep and dark taste of super food, calafate)
(Thank you very much, wild berry.)
(Look forward to the sweet and exciting jungle.)
- This is pretty good. - I'm getting addicted to it.
It's the good restaurant in Chile.
- Chae Yeon. - Just two.
(Good food tastes better when you share it.)
It's still good.
- Byung Man. - Yes?
(The Chief worked hard to build the house.)
Open.
(She pops in the berry with her cute act.)
You must stay healthy so that all of us can survive together.
I just tasted it first.
(Jin Young feeds the Chief,)
(puts berries in his mouth,)
(and takes good care of him.)
- She's good to him. - I had a lot.
Don't feed me too many of those.
It will keep your strength up as long as it's in your mouth.
(Pretend that they are supplements.)
I should go to that side.
(Jin Young, that's enough now.)
She keeps giving me that.
- She's good at feeding us. - That, she is.
- She's good at that. - But you're not eating it.
I'm eating too.
(But thank you for taking care of us.)
I think this is all the food we'll probably eat for the day.
Savour it.
Dong Jun, did you eat three at once?
No, no.
I ate two at once.
- Two? - Yes.
But it's still good.
I'll take the lantern with me. If there's fish, I'll go in.
- Let's take a look around first. - Okay.
- Should we get going? - Let's search for fish first.
If we go that way, we can go down there.
We should go. Let's follow them.
- Okay. - We should accompany them.
Byung Man, there's a spot at the end over there.
Where?
- Did you find the spot yourself? - First of all...
I left a mark over there.
You left a mark there?
Where the water is calm.
(Jin Young looked around the water before the sunset with Min Hyuk.)
(They left a mark where there might be fish.)
- You found a spot. - There will be fish for certain...
in the spot with a butterfly net.
- Can you shine the water? - Jin Young put up the mark.
Right here. Here.
- It's not deep. - Don't you think so?
- The water is so clear. - The water is clear.
- It's clear. - Since it's clear...
Don't you think they will be around this bush?
(Let me see.)
(He checks the area thoroughly.)
Try dipping your hand.
(The Chief moves closer to the water.)
Byung Man, we can find fish here, right?
(Are we going to eat some fish at last?)
(He checks the temperature before going in.)
(Sighing)
- You're not going in? - This is...
(What's wrong?)
People shouldn't go in there.
(The water is painfully cold.)
My hand hurts.
(It's too cold to stay in the water.)
It hurts, doesn't it?
I told you.
I think even the fish might freeze.
- The current is strong too. - Even if I go in,
I won't be able to see anything underwater.
When I caught a trout,
there were some bushes.
I went in after seeing the fish.
I dove in after I saw the fish from outside.
Swimming goggles. You must bring me my swimming goggles.
(No matter how cold and dark the water is,)
(the Chief would go into the water when he spots fish...)
(and overcome the crisis.)
Gosh, it's cold. It's freezing.
(But he doesn't see any fish.)
I'll only freeze to death.
- He might freeze to death. - I'm already...
I'm already beat.
(The Tribe returns after giving up on hunting.)
My gosh, it's so cold. Why is it so cold on this side?
- It's freezing here. - There's a snow-covered mountain.
The biting cold is coming from where the mountain is.
First of all, we must make a floor.
- We must make a floor. - After that,
- we'll move the fire here. - Yes, we'll do that.
Somewhere around here.
That's how the heat...
will come in.
- When we move the fire... - No, let me do it, Seung Soo.
I'll move the fire.
(Assembling)
I have to save the fire.
(He runs as fast as he can.)
It's hot.
(He moves it as far as he can.)
- I did it. - That was amazing.
- I did it. - Byung Man, that was incredible.
My hands are warm.
I want to take this fire.
It's so small.
No.
We must take this too.
(She feels reverent as if she's carrying the torch.)
I bought it here.
(After skipping over the log...)
The fire is catching on.
(She moves away from the members.)
(She safely brings the fire.)
Every word is a seed.
It's catching on.
(Grinning)
Dry wood burns up faster.
Let me see.
- This is awesome. - Is it?
- It's spacious. - This is great.
- Doesn't your face feel warm? - Yes, it does.
- The heat reflects off your face. - The air is warm in here.
- It is, right? - Yes, it is.
The heat keeps circling because it's reflected from the roof.
- The smoke is going out though. - Right.
- I made a hole on the roof. - I see.
It feels like a sauna.
Should we put this up later?
When I watched Bear Grylls...
You know pee is warm.
He said when you put it in a bottle and hug it, it keeps you warm.
But does it last long?
Byung Man, should I get mine then?
(Byung Man, should I get mine then?)
(Shaking his head)
(That's too much, Jin Young.)
What did you say?
We can heat the water with the fire.
Hey, why would you bring your pee?
I was on my way to pee though.
Were you trying to kill 2 birds with 1 stone?
- That's right. - You were on the way anyway?
I think you might really do it.
(Let's forget about this.)
Byung Man. Everyone, I brought something.
Hey, I brought something.
Why am I worried?
(They are nervous for some reason.)
I'm not excited about it.
(Jin Young confidently takes something out from her bag.)
First of all, this is a camouflage hat for the Chief.
(Their plan to stay warm is to bundle up from head to toe.)
Isn't it nice?
- Did you bring one for everyone? - Yes.
(Jin Young bought a hat for everyone.)
- My gosh, this is nice. - It's great.
- It's warm. - I really like this hat.
Isn't it warm?
This is the best thing you did so far.
You did a lot of things, but this is the best thing you did so far.
- It's so warm. - Right.
This is awesome. Thank you.
- Thank you. - Thanks.
- Thank you, Jin Young. - Thank you.
(Chae Yeon brings something at that moment.)
I have a gift for you too.
(I brought a gift too.)
- Really? - Yes, I made this.
Hello.
(Hi. I'm Chae Yeon of DIA.)
I found out that we're going somewhere cold.
(For the members of the Tribe who will join her to the jungle,)
(she decides to make hot packs.)
I'm going to make hot packs.
(Doing her best)
I need to mix these.
(Chae Yeon puts a lot of effort into making them.)
This is the curling iron.
I'll wrap it up like this.
Ta-da.
I'm going to give them out when I get to the jungle.
Let's do this, The Law of Jungle!
- What is it? - They are hot packs.
I made them.
(They plan to stay warm with hot packs she made for them.)
- She drew them. - That's your face, Chief.
She made this. I can't believe it.
- Thank you. - Are those caricatures?
I could only think of the historical dramas you starred in.
This is me.
(A caricature for Seung Soo in a historical drama)
- Hey, this works. - It works.
- It works. It's warm. - It's working.
(It heats up as the liquid clots.)
I see. This is how it changes.
Chae Yeon, this is really warm.
- This is amazing. It lasts so long. - I know. This is great.
- Thank you, Chae Yeon. - This is awesome.
- Thank you. - This is incredible.
Gosh, it's really warm.
Let us go to bed now.
I'm going to sleep on the end.
(The Tribe lies down in a temporary, cosy house.)
My gosh, it's so comfortable.
- Seriously. - Awesome.
It is.
- My arms can't reach. - I'm all the way on the end.
(The younger ones stay in the middle.)
Can you sleep over there?
(The older ones take the side.)
Can you sleep there?
(Clustered)
(Their first night in the jungle deepens with a shower.)
(The Tribe gets ready for tomorrow as they share each other's heat.)
(The day of their survival)
(The house is empty.)
(Where did everyone go?)
(It's too early to start their day.)
(Due to the cold weather, the Tribe has woken up early.)
(They make the fire which is dying.)
Last night was...
(Good dawn.)
You should've gotten more rest.
(The Chief's first order of business is...)
(drying his bottom.)
I'm drying my bottom.
(During the night, his bottom has gotten wet.)
At dawn, before I realized, the wind started...
- to come from above. - Right.
- It was gusty. - It was, wasn't it?
Right. We didn't have that first.
- We should cover the bottom. - Exactly.
(The sky is brightening.)
Good morning.
- Did you sleep well? - You're up.
(She's still half asleep.)
You're up.
But the view is breathtaking here.
(What a view.)
After surviving the bitter cold and hunger,
they face the first morning in Patagonia.
They enjoy the view only for a short while...
as they must head to their base camp going over the mountain.
Let's take this out, so we can collect the net.
- Okay. - We should take the net back.
- Let's recycle as much as we can. - Right.
We should get rid of the tinfoil after getting the net.
We can't use this?
(Tinfoil)
- Jin Young. - Really?
(String)
(They collect the net.)
Put these on the ground over there.
- That way? - Yes. There you go.
Let's take it out.
Hold on. Okay.
- This is good enough. - The sweet potato is all cooked.
That's our breakfast.
I just cooked it out of curiosity.
(The Chief roasted the stem they ate the day before.)
- My gosh, that's so interesting. - So the locals do eat this?
Yes.
Feed the younger ones first.
(Younger ones will taste first.)
- Don't be so greedy. - Okay.
(How will roasted nalca taste?)
- It tastes like a green apple. - This isn't bad, right?
Don't chew it a lot. When you chew just a bit, it's tasty.
- Really? - Yes.
It's not bad.
- I can taste acidic juice. - It is a bit sour,
but we can eat this when we are hungry.
(It can slightly sate their hunger.)
(The Chief takes a bite after feeding the younger ones.)
(It tastes terrible.)
(Frowning)
(It's bitter, sour, and unripe.)
(Perhaps, the Chief isn't that hungry yet.)
It was too close to the root.
It's not ripe.
Roasted salmon is the best thing ever...
if you roast it after drying it.
Let's eat that today.
(Let's eat that today.)
Sure. Okay.
Let's do that.
- Okay. I'll catch one. - From the mountain?
- Yes. - Let's catch something at least.
I really hope that we can survive...
- our time in a bigger base camp. - Right.
I feel reluctant to leave.
Isn't it too cold here?
- My teeth are aching. Seriously. - Gosh.
1, 2, 3.
Gosh, it's freezing.
I should get on it first.
(It will be the longest journey.)
The top is about to open.
My gosh, we have to get on a boat. We're getting on a boat.
Let's put our hands together.
Let's put our hands together. It's too cold.
Your hands are so warm.
We're off now.
Surviving on land, in the sea, and in the air.
(It's their 3rd day on the road. What kind of base camp is it?)
Aren't we riding the boat to the base camp...
because we're heading to an island?
If there was a way to reach there by land,
- we would've taken a car. - Right.
If we are taking the boat,
- Is it an island? - could it be an island?
I have a feeling that...
we'll go somewhere even colder.
We slept well at our last night's base camp.
- The staff asked if I slept well. - That's right.
The trip to the base camp is long.
And it makes me feel that things won't be nice for certain.
I think we're heading to an island just like you said.
(They make all kinds of guesses.)
(The boat that carries the Tribe continues on.)
This place feels like the Amazon.
- Right. - I agree.
This is just like the Amazon.
(On top of the Amazon River...)
I can see places from the world here.
Right. I can see everything.
I can see a mountain from Europe and a place from Asia.
This river really looks like the Amazon from Brazil.
- It's everything. - This place has everything.
- But why doesn't it have food? - Exactly.
It has everything, but food.
First of all, I had no idea that it was going to be that cold.
Besides the cold,
I thought that the war to hunt food had begun.
I thought if we were going to an island on a cold day like that.
(The weather makes them wince.)
Or I thought...
if we were going to a place where we can't reach by walking.
I was worried about that.
(The boat continues to head to the destination without taking a rest.)
(The Tribe doesn't lower their guard.)
(1 hour after they've been on the boat)
(The surrounding environment has changed again.)
(A mountain covered with ice cap comes into their sight.)
I see ice.
I see ice floating over there.
(Did he say, "ice"?)
- Over there. - I saw one over there.
(A white object is seen out the window.)
- Over there. - Yes, I see it too.
There are ice blocks here.
(Pieces of ice float around the water.)
You're right. I see more ice blocks.
There's one here too.
(The number begins to increase.)
I see more glaciers.
Exactly.
I wonder where they are coming from.
(The identity of glaciers that fill the sea is...)
I know, right?
I see big chunks now.
(The Tribe is heading to the origin of these glaciers.)
My gosh, they are...
They are getting bigger.
- Aren't the chunks getting bigger? - Yes, they are getting bigger.
- Right. What if we see icebergs? - My gosh.
(There might be icebergs now.)
(And a massive iceberg does show up before their eyes.)
- What's that? - It's an iceberg.
That's humongous.
It's massive.
(It's no comparison to their boat.)
But the colour is so pretty.
(The rich and grand appearance of the emerald iceberg)
(I must see something like this properly.)
(Their mouths drop.)
- Look at that. - I bet it tastes like soda.
I bet that it does.
- That's like a UFO. - Right.
- That looks like a UFO. - The UFO.
- This is amazing. - Doesn't it look like one?
(They are mesmerized by the sight alone.)
I can't believe this.
My gosh, hold on. This is...
The colour of the iceberg is starting to change.
Right. It's different.
- Is it melting? - Its colour became emerald.
I think that one must have been here longer.
Look at that one. It's so blue.
- What is that? - What is that?
- Hey, that is... - What is that?
I guess the glaciers are from there.
My gosh, I didn't know there was a ski resort in Chile.
It's too dangerous for us to go skiing on it.
- The glaciers must be from there. - I guess so.
Byung Man, are you sure it's safe for us to be here?
(San Rafael Glacier is 1 of 19 glaciers that make up Patagonia.)
We shouldn't be here, but they brought us here anyway.
We came to the wrong place.
- Seriously? - Blocks are spilling from there.
- You're right. I can see that too. - This is something...
- I only saw in documentaries. - Exactly.
Why do they keep stopping when there's no place to stop by?
- Gosh, the view is amazing. - We are trying to go round the ice.
Is that so?
My gosh, hold on. Something doesn't feel right.
I guess we can get off here.
(It's the boat the Tribe is on.)
Gosh, we got closer to there.
Hey, look.
(Collapsing)
- What was that? - I heard a glacier just collapsed.
(The icebergs sank after crashing into each other.)
(They get the chills.)
I heard the iceberg diving into the water after bumping into one.
- I'm scared. This is scary. - I'm scared.
Look at the icebergs.
It's about the base camp where you will start your survival.
The first place of your base camp for the End of the Earth Project.
Glacier survival.
- Survive on the glacier. - Sorry?
(Survive on the glacier.)
Hold on.
- We need tools to do that. - What on earth...
How could we survive on that?
(It looks like it will freeze everything.)
- Sorry? - Even animals can't live on it.
There's nothing over there. There's no food we can live on.
- "No food". - How could we survive there?
I wondered how we would survive and make a house there.
I thought that something had gone wrong.
(In despair)
I felt that we had a colossal problem.
I couldn't understand the staff at all.
I wondered what they wanted to achieve on that glacier.
I was at a loss for words and flustered.
(2018 End of the Earth Project, Glacier Survival)
(What will happen to the Tribe on their 35th survival?)
Next week.
(Survive on the glacier.)
(Their survival is difficult even from the start.)
(What's the fate of the Tribe in the middle of the iceberg?)
(I'm about to starve to death.)
(The battle with hunger is worse than the cold.)
(In the midst of their crisis, they find a miracle.)
(Run until you have food in your hands.)
(To hunt, they are willing to go into the icy water.)
(The Law of Jungle's very first hunting under the glacier)
(The Law of Jungle in Patagonia)